Wade Brown: How go your endeavors with SpecKit?
Kostadis Roussos: I have not had a chance to use it.
Kostadis Roussos: I was gonna use it at work.
Wade Brown: You woke me up from my nap all to not even use it, you jerk.
Kostadis Roussos: Look, I… I was… I… I… I did something, even cooler.
Wade Brown: Other than waking me up.
Kostadis Roussos: Dude, I didn't mean to wake you up. It didn't feel like, like, I… I'm sorry.
Wade Brown: It was, like, 2.30 in an afternoon, dude. What do you expect?
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm kind of not feeling bad, I just want you to know.
Wade Brown: No, you're fine.
Kostadis Roussos: It's…
Kostadis Roussos: I just want you to know that I kind of, sort of feel bad, maybe, and if I try really hard, I might think it that way, but really, I don't feel bad at all.
Wade Brown: Don't feel bad.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want to make sure we're on the same page about, like, how I should feel bad.
Wade Brown: You should not.
Wade Brown: So what was the cooler thing you did?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, so a bunch of my team were like, you know, how do you use AI to do stuff? And so, you know, I was like, okay, I'm gonna show you how I do…
Wade Brown: team, like, need to be taught how to wipe their ass? Like…
Wade Brown: the AI… like, they're marketing everything about how to do it, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know…
David Mendenhall: Think big, though.
Wade Brown: This isn't big!
Wade Brown: You can go to ChatGPT and say, how do I use you to do stuff?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, it wasn't how to use it. They used it for all sorts of things. They were wondering… I was making a point about how you can use it to do architecture stuff.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: And so, there was a little bit of conf… I mean, they use it all the time. I'm sorry, let me just be very clear.
Wade Brown: Okay, it made… the way you phrased it made it sound like they didn't even know what they were doing.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, no, no, that's not. Like, they use it for coding, they use it for, like, all the… the AI code generation in my team is…
Kostadis Roussos: Is we've embraced it en masse, so that's not the issue.
Wade Brown: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But what folks were, like, surprised with is that you could use it to do more architectural things, and so that requires a little bit of finesse on how you use the system.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, I showed them how you could do that, and the funny thing was that by the time I was done, I found, like, 3 different bugs in our
Kostadis Roussos: In a performance-critical part of our system.
Wade Brown: Of course!
Kostadis Roussos: I was like.
Wade Brown: They're all perfectly, like, congealed to fight each other in a way that keeps it running smoothly, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no.
Kostadis Roussos: They were the kind of awful performance bugs that you kind of go, oh lord. And they told me AI generates slop.
Wade Brown: So do humans.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I know, that's tough.
Wade Brown: Did you see… did you see the, oh god, this guy is using this thing called Railway or whatever, and, ClausMCP went and just immediately, like, called an APIs, like, oh, I'm gonna go ahead and drop the database to fix a bug.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, that's all over the news.
Wade Brown: Yeah, but if you… if you read into it, like, yeah, so Claude fucked up a little bit, but when you look at, like, what Railway did, Railway has an API with a single point, with no authentication or verifi… well, I mean, authentication, but no, like, no verification or anything else. It's like, you call this, and it not only deletes the volume.
Wade Brown: the backups were just snapshots on said volume, so, like, the backups they were doing weren't even backups in the first place. I'm like.
David Mendenhall: Hmm. I…
Wade Brown: I will… I will guarantee… I will, you know, fault Claude a little bit here, like, Claude did something it shouldn't have, but that is some shit design off a railway's side.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, yeah, clearly.
Kostadis Roussos: So, see, the part that, like, you know, the part… I'm really glad you told me this, because I'm, like, going…
Kostadis Roussos: I… the possibility of this being a way to destroy your database's backup tells me whoever was doing your backups didn't know what they were doing.
Wade Brown: That's… yeah, I mean, it's… I mean, it's… it's absolutely… they didn't know what they were doing. Their backups and live data and everything were just database snapshots on the same volume that it could all delete simultaneously with one single command.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so they had no backups.
Wade Brown: They were not backups. They called them backups, and that's… and as far as I know, that was written by humans, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I'm sure it was, because no AI would have done that. An AI would have generated 17 layers of cascading backups, one layer on top of the other, with distribution on 6 different object stores.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I…
Wade Brown: It's incredible, like, the amount of AI slop, sure, but human slop is nothing new, I mean, goddamn.
Kostadis Roussos: So anyway, it was just like, so I did all of this AI stuff, right? You know, so I said, I took the design, I turned it into a mermaid diagram, and then used the.
Wade Brown: Oh, Mermaid, I love Mermaid.
Kostadis Roussos: I then used the mermaid diagrammed architecture spec to do another inference, and then I tended to do a third one, and then I told it to show me the details all the performance issues with the architecture, and I said, here. And I said, I have no idea if this is any correct, but I thought, you know, you guys might be fun, and they're like, oh, wow, we need to go fix those bugs.
Wade Brown: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: I was like, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I thought it was pretty cool.
Kostadis Roussos: But yes, there's a little bit of a… they hadn't… their eyes hadn't opened to the possibilities of things you could do with it.
Kostadis Roussos: Because they were so in a moored with the obvious things they were doing. Does that make sense?
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, it's just…
Kostadis Roussos: They're choosing.
Wade Brown: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: They're not all senior like you, they don't have grizzly hair.
Wade Brown: I'm unemployable, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well, yes, but those are not orthogonal statements.
Kostadis Roussos: You could be both senior and unemployable. Have you considered that possibility?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, is Gary coming? I don't see him yet, but we have quorum, so let us begin. Does everybody know what happened last time, or do I have to remind you, or where are we with that?
Wade Brown: We went and yelled at the Druid Council. Adabra continues to be a see you next Tuesday.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: She left, she abandoned you, she said, I'm, I'm, you know, she was fuming.
Wade Brown: So was, so was Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: I have Vukradin, but I, you know, it's not clear to me whether this was a strategic retreat or him being absolutely pissed off.
Kostadis Roussos: But knowing a little bit about Vukradin, I decided it was like, I've… I just give up.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm having a problem with my camera. This is very annoying. I will…
Kostadis Roussos: Log into Zoom, if I can.
Kostadis Roussos: There's something going wrong, so for those of you who don't know, there's probably yet another thing going wrong with my, my, the Zoom.
Kostadis Roussos: Ugh, it's weird.
Kostadis Roussos: My camera… my camera's misbehaving.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know why it's misbehaving, I don't know if it's misbehaving, I don't know. I hate… I hate technology. I hate it with an abject passion.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you'd think I'd find a job that was more aligned with my happy place, but, you know…
Wade Brown: You've seen office space, you can just go get, you know, a construction job, right?
Kostadis Roussos: You know, the problem is, like, when people… what I mean by I hate my job is that, like, I know… I understand it too well.
Kostadis Roussos: I understand exactly why things happen.
Wade Brown: Hey, there's two crystals.
David Mendenhall: Jeffrey, are you level 6 now?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, everybody should be level 6.
David Mendenhall: Stefan.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: that last time I was here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I think.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Wade Brown: Right, I was in the middle of figuring out what to do with Boney.
David Mendenhall: I only get a feat every 4 levels.
Wade Brown: Isn't…
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, it's like, is there any way… is there… is there any universe in which you are not unhappy with your character?
Kostadis Roussos: I used to, like, feel bad, but now I'm just convinced that, you know, you're always unhappy about your character. There's always something wrong with your character.
Wade Brown: I seem to only get one every four levels as well, as well.
Kostadis Roussos: On your class.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: The rogues are the ones… rogues are the ones who get it, more frequently.
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Happy birthday, David.
David Mendenhall: That was last week.
Wade Brown: Closer than anybody.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna still say happy birthday, man.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: But anniversary.
Kostadis Roussos: Bon Universal,
Wade Brown: Sounds so much cooler in another language.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You seem as tired as I feel, Dave.
David Mendenhall: Francois, Stefan.
Wade Brown: Bon appetit, y'all.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Breakfast is done, sort of.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And it's morning.
David Mendenhall: It's a little bit… a little bit early for breakfast, though, right?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, but I mean, if I don't have a cup of coffee and something to eat, then…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I really turned into a real barbarian.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
David Mendenhall: up?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
David Mendenhall: Oh, not yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Not outside.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so the important question… so you're in Fan… you're still in the Glade. It's evening, you know, Vukradin isn't there, he's, I presume, in Phandalin being pissed off. Lyra has offered to buy beer, to buy you guys beer.
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, she's decided that Vukradin is her hero.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: We're gonna go fight the orcs next, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, hold on, I just want you to know, Lyra, Lyra has, you know, has decided that Vukradin, she, she…
David Mendenhall: He's gonna have to…
Kostadis Roussos: She's like… She's a crush on him, okay. She's got a…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we'll see how that goes.
Kostadis Roussos: She's got a bit of a crush, I mean, it's, you know…
Wade Brown: We should all strive to be so pure, so innocent, so naive.
Kostadis Roussos: No, I mean, she really, just to be clear, she really admired Vukrudin's unwillingness to have his honor sullied.
David Mendenhall: So I want to tell you what… you want to know what Vukradin is doing in Phandalin?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, I think we all want to know, like, is he drinking? Is he…
David Mendenhall: He is taking…
David Mendenhall: 6 gold pieces, which is 5 plus 1 interest. From the organic fair trade gold, of course.
David Mendenhall: Is placing it in an envelope.
David Mendenhall: And addressing it to a Adabra.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Dropping it in the mail.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, good God!
David Mendenhall: And I've taken the 6 off the tracker.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right? Why 6? Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Should I just say that's petty, but funny?
David Mendenhall: It's very petty.
Kostadis Roussos: I like it. It is petty.
David Mendenhall: She was… so, in her… in her speech before the druid, she went on and on about how she gave…
David Mendenhall: Bukrad in 5 gold pieces.
David Mendenhall: And how she was… she was… you know…
David Mendenhall: stiffed out of her… her money, and she was so offended by it, so he's returning the money, plus interest.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Got it. Thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: I just thought it was… I think that's awesome.
Kostadis Roussos: I just want you all to know, I think that was awesome.
David Mendenhall: Now that she's lost, she can have her money back.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, so I just want to ask you, like, this is something that I was trying to figure out, like, as I was trying to think. At some level, did you admire Adabra? Did you, like, going into that scene, were you like, you know, she's the cut, she stands up for her principles, she's confused…
David Mendenhall: No, I think I just… I think Vukradin would have just felt betrayed.
Kostadis Roussos: For sure.
David Mendenhall: these people.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no.
David Mendenhall: I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, before she attacked you.
David Mendenhall: But I knew she was gonna attack me.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: That's… that's a little bit too aware for Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: Oh, he's too naive?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I think Vukradin… I thought Vukradin was surprised. You're the character, you know him.
David Mendenhall: Well, I didn't know how personal it would be, I guess.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, that's what I meant.
David Mendenhall: I thought it was going to be more like an evidentiary trial.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so you definitely were surprised with how vicious she was.
David Mendenhall: How, how… no, how personal.
Kostadis Roussos: Personal.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: I have never been able to figure out how to write your character in medicine.
Kostadis Roussos: I try, I try, I try, and I keep failing.
David Mendenhall: Okay, well, Adabra can enjoy her 6GP of organic fair trade gold, of course.
Kostadis Roussos: So, so, but where do you…
Kostadis Roussos: So where do you leave the money? Do you go give it to Harbin? Do you go tape it outside of.
David Mendenhall: I believe… I believe I had the mail delivered in the past, right? So there is some sort of postal system.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, right, so you're gonna go to Spider-Man and tell him to give this to a Adabra?
David Mendenhall: Something like that, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: the normal post system.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I just… I just want to know, like, what, what is… what… what was your thought process? Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… Hey, by the way, one question that came up as I was going through this. Do you cast sending, or do you have some Bardic special ability?
David Mendenhall: No, it's just the regular spell sending.
David Mendenhall: Per bubble.
Kostadis Roussos: to do that.
Kostadis Roussos: You can do that.
David Mendenhall: It's on the spell list!
Kostadis Roussos: I believe you, man.
Kostadis Roussos: I know, but is it acquired because of your board, or is it, like, a real.
David Mendenhall: I think it's just, yeah, it's just available to bards.
David Mendenhall: It's just a spell that's available to Barnes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Fighty. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so, the… it's, you know, you presume you head back to Phandalin, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And, after you head back to Phandalin, I presume,
Kostadis Roussos: you're going to, what's the word I'm looking for?
Kostadis Roussos: go talk to, what's your plan? Go to the Stonehill Tavern, go to Harbin Wester, tell them what's going on, go to Ser Kaelen, go to Valphine, like, what's your thought process?
Wade Brown: You're meaning…
David Mendenhall: I… I think I would go to Ser Kaelen and tell him about, how Sister Kaella murdered Corbin and escaped.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… so he's, oh, no. Alright, so he's in the tavern, and so he… there's, he's kind of… he… he… you guys all arrive, Lyra is, like, really happy, she… she…
David Mendenhall: Oh, Lyra came down to Phandalin?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, she wants to buy you beer, she wants to buy the rest of you beer.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I see.
Kostadis Roussos: She wants to buy the real estate. Yeah, so she's… she's… she doesn't know what she's getting into with Brewbarry, but…
Kostadis Roussos: So, but, so I'm going to assume that the rest of you arrive a little bit later, and, you're still in the tavern, and, Ser Kaelen approaches… approaches the group, and you introduce me, he says, So, he notices Soma's wearing… still has her staff. I see you were able to keep your staff.
Kostadis Roussos: He sees Lyra and says, wow, you are in a good mood. Lyra says, thanks to the heroism and the nobility, and the dignity of none other than Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: Oh, someone did all the hard work. I just walked out at the right time.
Kostadis Roussos: It was brilliant! She goes, it was brilliant.
Wade Brown: He warmed up the crowd.
Kostadis Roussos: You… you turned everybody… you focused all of Adabra's rage on yourself, and then walked out, rendered her arguments pointless and meaningless. She had prepared this whole vicious attack on you, and then, by leaving the field, you diffused it, enabling Soma to step in and to take over. It was brilliant. I haven't seen such brilliant oratory in my entire life. And then to do it on a matter of…
Kostadis Roussos: Principle!
Wade Brown: Oh, Principal.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. She's…
David Mendenhall: Calm down, Lyra.
Kostadis Roussos: extraordinary. She calls Spider-Man, get this man at least two beers.
David Mendenhall: Okay, I'll take 2 beers, that sounds good. How many for Brewbarry?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm a poor… I'm a poor ranger, blueberry.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Sorry, that's.
David Mendenhall: I'll share, one for blueberry, one for.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, but, but, but, Brewbarry, two for you.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay. At least.
Kostadis Roussos: Two for you.
Wade Brown: He's got an iron liver.
Kostadis Roussos: Soma… Soma, will you have a beer?
Wade Brown: T.
Kostadis Roussos: T, alright.
David Mendenhall: Only tea?
David Mendenhall: Cafe.
Wade Brown: Don't drink!
David Mendenhall: Gandalf. Just tea.
Wade Brown: Well, I don't smoke the pipe, or the ganja, or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: And, Valphine, of course, just looks aloof.
Kostadis Roussos: And, wonders if there's going to be a perform… and observes that the Druids were disappointed that they didn't get a chance to hear the great music.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, we can, we can put on a show, let's see how it goes. Let's see, let's try it out.
David Mendenhall: Oh, you know… An average show.
Kostadis Roussos: What was it? What did you roll?
David Mendenhall: 13.
Wade Brown: You weren't bardically inspired?
David Mendenhall: I'm not gonna waste my Bardic inspiration on that, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: What!
Kostadis Roussos: You're not gonna…
David Mendenhall: Okay, wait a minute.
Wade Brown: Alfina could do the, the help role.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, right, right.
David Mendenhall: Oh, let's just, roll again, with advantage?
Wade Brown: No, it's just, each… each one can… every player can bless it, basically.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, shoot.
David Mendenhall: Advantage, I get, slightly better.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, she gets to roll, it's actually her role.
David Mendenhall: Oh, okay.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so one of the allies in the cluster can add a role.
David Mendenhall: I have to open her.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: sheet.
Wade Brown: Please.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okie dokie, so we are in bed mode. Yay! Alright.
David Mendenhall: You know…
David Mendenhall: Oh, there's a plus 3.
David Mendenhall: Nope.
Wade Brown: No, they add a… it's a blessed style, so it adds, like, 1D6 or whatever, isn't it?
David Mendenhall: We're just making rules up now.
Wade Brown: No, no, it's…
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I do remember this. I just can't remember. Do you remember what it was, Wade?
Wade Brown: I don't remember the name of the ability, but it was something like it. You can… you can… a group of allies can all be, like…
Wade Brown: set to aid each other, I can't remember the name of the skill, I'm sorry.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, it's alright. It's a… it's a… it's a decent, but not… Spectacular.
Kostadis Roussos: a performance.
David Mendenhall: Outstanding.
Wade Brown: It's not Rebecca Black, and it's not, you know, Jim Bojia or whatever.
Wade Brown: I don't know.
Wade Brown: Ozzy Osbourne, pick someone.
Kostadis Roussos: The performance is well received. The performance is well received, you know, Lyra is pleased to hear it. She goes, you know, the other Druids of the Conclave were really… she, you know, were very disappointed that you left Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: Well, well, we need to go kill some orcs now, you know? The good character's job at saving the world never seems to be done.
Wade Brown: You've got some bloodlust in you at the moment.
Kostadis Roussos: So we have to…
David Mendenhall: So, I'd like to ask, we've got 3 different orc… quests here.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: You've got the Woodland Manse.
David Mendenhall: Falcon's Hunting Lodge.
Wade Brown: That one we should have… should erase, right? We've… we bombed that one. Well, but it's still.
David Mendenhall: there, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you never knew what happened.
David Mendenhall: It's still there. So here's what happened.
Kostadis Roussos: The Woodlands Man was attacked by the orcs.
Kostadis Roussos: And burned to the… and burned.
David Mendenhall: It was occupied by orcs and half-orcs. Then we have… the Falcon's hunting lodge got overrun, and then we have Xanth offered to take us to the lair of the evil half-orc spellcasters.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: You should…
David Mendenhall: So are these, like, all in one, or we need to do them all separately?
Kostadis Roussos: They're in different locations.
Wade Brown: ignorbit.
David Mendenhall: It's not like… We take out the leaders somewhere, and the others flee.
Wade Brown: Have we… oh, is O-Dragon Where Art Thou still a quest?
Kostadis Roussos: No, he's dead.
David Mendenhall: Well, we can still explore the Shrine of Savras.
Wade Brown: That's right, okay.
David Mendenhall: We just don't need to learn the dragon's location.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, and those are also…
Wade Brown: location is 6 feet unpair.
Kostadis Roussos: the Shrine of Savras Orcs are dead. They came to raid you at Mountain's Toe Gold Mine, and you killed them all.
David Mendenhall: But we never cleared out the shrine.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yes, I mean, there might be more there, as that is true.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I mean…
Wade Brown: Revenge Corbin!
David Mendenhall: rename it.
Wade Brown: I feel more like Avenging Corbin after what we learned at the, Druid Enclave.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Wade Brown: Oh, at the Druid Enclave, you know, they called out that, you know, they called us out for letting Corbin get killed by Kayla or whatever.
Kostadis Roussos: No, actually, what happened was that the Druids actually said, you know, yes, it was tragic, but you guys made the right call.
Wade Brown: I don't understand, but… There's still a lot of, you know.
David Mendenhall: You're feeling for Corbin? You want to avenge Corbin?
Wade Brown: I'm not… I'm not happy when, you know, life… when blood is senselessly spilled. No, I think I would…
David Mendenhall: Okay, okay.
David Mendenhall: We can take care of the orcs first.
Wade Brown: I'm not against it, I'm just saying, like, I got a bit of an axe to grind, or Soma does.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I… she… Sister Kaella is gone to the wind.
David Mendenhall: Cool.
David Mendenhall: Okay, so let's put Ser Kaelen on the job of tracking down Sister Kaella.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: That's… that seems like a good project for him.
Kostadis Roussos: Jenna says that, well, this is more something that the Order of the Gauntlet, the Lord's Alliance, could do more effectively.
David Mendenhall: I, you know, that's nice, but I think the…
Kostadis Roussos: So, I said.
David Mendenhall: of the gauntlet.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, Jenna said, Jenna can't resist. She's like, Vukradin, just consider this a courtesy, nothing, no obligations.
Kostadis Roussos: just so that you could see the power and the prestige that the Lord's Alliance can bring to someone like you, who's pursuing such.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Bullish is the word you're looking for out there.
Kostadis Roussos: what?
David Mendenhall: Foolish!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Holy shit.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no.
Kostadis Roussos: No, see, see, Brewbarry, Brewbarry. The Lord's Alliance understands what Vukradin wants. He wants… he wants a better world. And isn't that what the Lord's Alliance is all about? It's about creating a better world through art. And the Lord's Alliance wants to show that they're committed to creating a better world. And to do that, we would be delighted to try to help find Sister Kaella for you.
David Mendenhall: Anybody who wants to help, it's an open call for help.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, and we want you to know that it's the kinds of organizations that can do that. Imagine what they could do for your musical career, for your musical studio. Imagine how they could.
David Mendenhall: I think that's amazing. Did you know, also, that my friend Valphine has a church, and they're looking for donations?
Wade Brown: emotions, or, you know, followers.
Kostadis Roussos: Like, you know, generally.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Not true.
Kostadis Roussos: One of those… one of those people that, you know, never loses her cool, never loses a beat, but just for a moment, the idea of giving money to Valphine, his torture cult.
David Mendenhall: Torture cult!
Kostadis Roussos: offencer. I'm just telling you what genetic…
David Mendenhall: It is kind of a torture cult.
Kostadis Roussos: Thank you.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It kind of is.
David Mendenhall: it that way, but I guess… I guess you're right.
Wade Brown: Like, no pain, no gain, right?
David Mendenhall: It's more like… it's more like a masochism cult.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Whatever. Freedom of worship, and…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, etc.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I mean, for a… such a selfless organization as the Lords of Alliance, surely, you know, a very large donation is…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: For such a noble cause.
Kostadis Roussos: You know…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Jesus.
Kostadis Roussos: So she goes, well, look, you know, it's… donations, we definitely… it's definitely something we should absolutely think about.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah. Thinking…
David Mendenhall: you should…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: You know, is not gold.
Kostadis Roussos: You know what, this will definitely… I'll, you know, we'll take care… see, our interest… so she pauses this… our interest is in Vukradin.
David Mendenhall: Okay. Well, that's nice. Thank you. Thank you for.
Kostadis Roussos: But she pauses for a minute. Please come.
David Mendenhall: Please come to the opening of the music studio.
Kostadis Roussos: She pauses for a minute and says, Brewbarry, however, if you really, you know, wanted to change sides, you know, join the Lord's Alliance, I don't… I think we could make that work.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean… Having anything.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Despite my looks, I'm not an idiot.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, an Uthgardian barbarian who joined the Lord's Alliance and accepted the civilizing… and she starts going on, like, you know, if it was possible to be more offensive, I'm not sure she could have done it without trying.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm just, you know, letting a very loud burp out.
Kostadis Roussos: She gets the point, and walks away.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie. Alright, so there's a shrine of Shavas, there's a Woodland Manse, and there's a circle of thunder. I think I've just moved… I moved you back.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Where are all those quests documented?
Wade Brown: On the initiative track.
David Mendenhall: So, on the Initiative Tracker, there's a tab called Party Inventory.
David Mendenhall: Column U.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, thank you.
David Mendenhall: I think I'm most inclined to do a horse with no rain.
Wade Brown: That one was…
David Mendenhall: Because I'm still not, you know…
Wade Brown: Oh, the spellcasters, that one's a little scary.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, but, but I, I'm…
David Mendenhall: I think the Falcon has not yet personally apologized to me, although he intends to, but he hasn't yet, so I'm currently inclined to go with Xanth.
Wade Brown: We last got our asses whooped by the Talosian spellcasting orcs. It was not pleasant.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, this might not be pleasant either, but hey.
Wade Brown: Bring potions of ground.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: And why we have a Bob Saget the Musical Quest?
Wade Brown: Yeah, that's…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: this.
David Mendenhall: It's a reference to the previous campaign.
Kostadis Roussos: Bob Saget… so what happened was that Stonehill… so Spider-Man happens to be from a city that was very famously… had a traveling troupe of music… musical troupe and theatrical performance.
Wade Brown: Gary's here!
Kostadis Roussos: Where a… where the star attraction was an actor who dressed up like Bob Saget, the demon.
Gary Young: Hey, sorry, guys.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? The problem was that he was actually Bob Saget, the demon.
Wade Brown: redundant.
Kostadis Roussos: And that everybody assumed that his costume… that it was a costume, but it was actually…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: the demon.
Kostadis Roussos: the demon, and, you know, Bob Saget, the demon, is the demon of… is.
David Mendenhall: Demon of dad jokes.
Kostadis Roussos: Is a demon of dad jokes who punishes all those who torture… those who tortured their jesters.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So they have to sit in the abyss and torment while they listen to him say one after another bad dad jokes, and when they fail to laugh appropriately, he hurts them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: There's no such thing as a bad dad joke.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, that's exactly Bob's point of view. And so… but the problem is that Dad's form of… Bob's form of preferred torture is considered ridiculous by the other demons.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: And so, as a result.
David Mendenhall: Seem an outcast.
Kostadis Roussos: He's… no, he's not respected.
David Mendenhall: He's not respected.
Kostadis Roussos: She's not.
David Mendenhall: The Rodney Dangerfield of Bob Saget.
Kostadis Roussos: Bob Saget was determined to prove that he's got the demon chops, and so he almost led a… a zombie apocalypse of Silverymoon.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
David Mendenhall: Almost.
Kostadis Roussos: But then… but then he was sent to the astral plane as a result of an artificer combining two…
David Mendenhall: Two bags of holding.
Kostadis Roussos: Two bags of holding.
Kostadis Roussos: Which then, unfortunately, triggered another set of cascading events.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Jesus, you've got too much imagination, Gustavis.
David Mendenhall: That was good.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Or just the record, Bob Saget, the Demon, was invented by my kids, my kid and his friends, the 7-year-olds and their 8-year-olds, and they're going… they rolled a natural 20, and they're going, we don't want to… and they're like, what do you want to do? They're like, we want to convince them that he wants to be a stand-up comedy in hell.
Kostadis Roussos: And I thought that was such a delightfully cute thing that I was like, totally.
Kostadis Roussos: And unfortunately, they were young enough, and their parents were kind enough that they didn't know about dad jokes. And I said, dad jokes, and then I proceeded to read them for, like, 10 minutes, and, like, yes, they learned that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Slippery slope was 7 years old.
Kostadis Roussos: So then what happened was that they got very excited and wanted to know more dad jokes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So did the circle of thunder.
David Mendenhall: we need to make contact with Xanth the Centaur to find out where the lair of the evil half-orc spellcasters is.
Kostadis Roussos: yes, that is true. You would have to do that.
Kostadis Roussos: Lyra says, well, I think I could help.
David Mendenhall: I got it.
Kostadis Roussos: How… oh, how do you have it?
David Mendenhall: pending.
Kostadis Roussos: She goes, are you going to be using… she suddenly has this horrified look. Are you just going to be sending messages to everybody all day?
Wade Brown: I mean, that's what the spell is for!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: Man, I got a new cell phone, and I really like this texting thing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: It's fun!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's… Unlimited, you know, call.
David Mendenhall: Limited range! Any plane of existence!
Wade Brown: As long as you know them, or can picture them, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I'm gonna get myself something to drink, I'll be back in a second.
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I am.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: The lair of the evil Alf Hoax spellcasters.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so that we don't have my personality switching all over the place.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, you guys can hear me?
Wade Brown: Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: You got a good shot.
Wade Brown: Shot up your nostrils, too.
Wade Brown: Yeah!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Concern.
Wade Brown: brain.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm obviously a child. Okay.
Wade Brown: Me too.
Kostadis Roussos: So you send a note to, to, what's his name?
Kostadis Roussos: Suzanne. Can he respond to you?
David Mendenhall: He can respond. Yes, he can respond. So basically, we're saying we're ready to go fight the evil half-orc spellcasters, where should we go?
Kostadis Roussos: He suggests on the corner of the… on the… the… on the… on the Tribor Trail, where it turns to Phandalin.
David Mendenhall: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Right here, just in case you're wondering.
David Mendenhall: Yep, that's nearby, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, he's like, he, he, so you, you meet up with him, I presume?
David Mendenhall: Yeah, I mean, if he's there, then great, sure.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I mean, like… There's nothing you want to get in Phandalin before you go off.
David Mendenhall: Oh, do we want to get anything in Phandalin?
Wade Brown: I don't think we're gonna…
David Mendenhall: No money, but you guys feel free.
Wade Brown: I don't think we can craft anything out of the dragon stuff in Phandalin, right?
Kostadis Roussos: No, but you… Potions of healing, for example, or anything like that.
Wade Brown: We got a cleric.
David Mendenhall: We're good on that, right? We got potions, don't we?
Kostadis Roussos: That's amazing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I had a couple beers, I got all the healing that I needed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Are we out of potions of healing? Consumables… we are out of potions. We have one potion of greater healing, and one potion of superior healing, and one scented potion of healing.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep. Scented.
David Mendenhall: Okay, free.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you've got your potions of healing, is that what I heard?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: About 3 of them.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie, okay.
David Mendenhall: Do you need, like, lightning resistance or something like that? Because we've been lighteninged many times.
Wade Brown: Was it lightning or thunder from them? I don't quite remember.
Wade Brown: No, they're different, right? Like…
David Mendenhall: Oh, it's two different types of damage, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, it is lightning. I was like…
David Mendenhall: It's lightning.
Kostadis Roussos: So…
David Mendenhall: Do you want to get, like, some sort of lightning resistance? Like, we could inquire about that.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I guess it's a good idea, yes.
David Mendenhall: I don't… I don't know that we have any money for it, but sure.
Gary Young: Let me see if I want to memorize it, too.
Kostadis Roussos: Can you memorize such a thing?
Gary Young: I think there's an energy resistance spell that I've got.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, huh?
Gary Young: That may be prohibitively expensive, but… Protection from energy.
Gary Young: Concentration up to an hour.
David Mendenhall: Nice.
David Mendenhall: It's hot.
Gary Young: Super great.
David Mendenhall: You have to maintain concentration.
Gary Young: And…
Wade Brown: And that robs you of the Spectral Guardians or whatever, or the… yeah.
David Mendenhall: the other concentration spells.
Gary Young: only one target.
David Mendenhall: Natasha says.
Kostadis Roussos: Hi, Natasha says hi.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so I didn't check that out.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you, you, you're not getting anything, I presume?
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: that would… that would sort of assume that we have gold for it, which I don't think we do.
Wade Brown: As long as UCRAD doesn't see us spend it.
Gary Young: A push out of healing would be good.
Gary Young: Make sure we have a small stock of those.
David Mendenhall: We have 3.
Gary Young: I have 3.
David Mendenhall: One healing, one superior, one greater.
David Mendenhall: Although, don't use the grater in front of me.
Gary Young: It says, is bloodof false?
David Mendenhall: Oh, oh, sorry, don't use the superior in front of me.
Gary Young: Oh, I see.
Gary Young: Okay. We'll use it on you when you are unconscious.
Wade Brown: Did I just drink tainted potion?
David Mendenhall: Don't tell me what happened.
Wade Brown: Yeah. You don't want to know what you just ate.
Wade Brown: It's like when you're in China.
David Mendenhall: Keep me in the dark, man.
Kostadis Roussos: You know, it doesn't… and not everything has to be known, right?
Wade Brown: Exactly, it's just like eating in China, you're just like, I liked it or I didn't, I don't need to know why.
Kostadis Roussos: Exactly.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, into the forest. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You head off into the forest.
Kostadis Roussos: Xantopoulos is very pleased with your performance recently. He's like, my good friends, you have done such an amazing job. It was absolutely fantastic. Soma, you were superb.
Kostadis Roussos: You were superb. I, you know, Meryl, Meryl, Meryl was very interested. He's like, he's about to start talking about Meril. Do you want to cut him off, or do you want to let him…
Wade Brown: Just cut them off.
David Mendenhall: Don't insult them.
Wade Brown: No, no, no, no.
David Mendenhall: We need allies.
Wade Brown: Meril's not… Part of the campaign.
Kostadis Roussos: All right. Meril is definitely not part of the campaign. Meryl's story might be part of the campaign, but Meryl…
Wade Brown: Marilla's backstory is flavor.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, use later. Alright, as you're headed out into the… headed out, you stumble on…
David Mendenhall: morning, this is more… we stayed the night, and this is in the morning, Friday night, correct?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, right, right, right, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
David Mendenhall: Okay, everybody gets Bardic and… oh, no, it's only one hour. No, not yet. Sorry.
David Mendenhall: Later.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, it's been about 30 miles…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so a normal 8-hour day is about 30 miles.
David Mendenhall: Could it be Boney, and Phandalin, or is he coming around… is he always traveling with us?
David Mendenhall: Party?
Wade Brown: Sorry, what was that?
Kostadis Roussos: I shouldn't.
David Mendenhall: Are we stabling… are we stabling Boney in Phandalin, or is he traveling with him?
Wade Brown: He comes with me! He's my… he's my pet.
David Mendenhall: User pad.
Kostadis Roussos: No.
Gary Young: Yeah, just like Corbin. Oh, wait.
Kostadis Roussos: Hey, you know, just to be clear, Valphine didn't feel sorry about it, Vukradin didn't feel sorry about it, Brewbarry didn't feel sorry about it, but Soma, true to her character, did.
Wade Brown: I'm trying to figure out how to put, Boney as the, like, sidekick in the…
Wade Brown: Thing, but they only have, like, human warrior-style things.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, if you just… if you just create a human sidekick, right?
Wade Brown: That's what I did, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you created a human sidekick for Boney?
Wade Brown: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just make them, like, sixth level, I guess.
Wade Brown: That's what he is, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So you're just gonna tell me how the… you are going to command him, though, because I will not remember how to… it's been a while since I run one of these guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. That's alright.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, I'm just gonna pretend he's, you know, stomping and riding and charging and shit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sounds good. Alright, so, you end up in the middle of a forest, you're not quite the destination, it's 30 miles of hiking, that's an 8-hour day. If you want to keep going, you might risk a unit of exhaustion, or you can just spend the night in the forest.
Wade Brown: We're not in a rush, are we?
David Mendenhall: Did we meet up with, Xanth?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, yeah.
David Mendenhall: So he's with us currently.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, yes.
David Mendenhall: Oh, then I feel very safe.
Kostadis Roussos: You feel very… you feel very safe?
Wade Brown: And I'm pretty at home in the forest.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's like…
Gary Young: Why don't we just ask him where's a good place to camp?
Kostadis Roussos: He, he has already provided you a good place to camp.
Wade Brown: Right here.
Gary Young: Problem solved.
David Mendenhall: Zanz, how much, further to the lair of the half-orc spellcasters?
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, another day's hike.
Gary Young: Okay, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Another day's hike.
David Mendenhall: Got any good stories to tell us tonight?
Kostadis Roussos: Stories, my friend, I have stories to tell you.
Kostadis Roussos: And he proceeds to regale you with tales of birds and flowers and… heroes, and…
Kostadis Roussos: And, you know, the depredations of Neverwinter and how they've been, you know, ignored… Pardon me?
David Mendenhall: Galore.
Kostadis Roussos: For those of you who care about the lore, everybody goes on mute and blocks their camera.
Kostadis Roussos: I was giving out lore.
David Mendenhall: I know.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to cry now.
David Mendenhall: Aww.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I got over myself.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he does… he does talk a little bit about the forest, and the trees, and the whatnots, and he does observe that this was a much safer place before that white dragon, disrupted the piece.
Kostadis Roussos: And caused all the orcs to hoard now. Now even the animals are afraid, and…
Kostadis Roussos: That these new orcs aren't even normal orcs, they're… there's something fundamentally more evil about them, something fundamentally more dangerous than the typical orcs.
David Mendenhall: How could they become more dangerous? What happened?
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and goes, why, they have become members of the cult of Talos.
David Mendenhall: The cult.
Wade Brown: It's never any good.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Where's this guy?
David Mendenhall: cult of Talos originate from?
Kostadis Roussos: Where does it originate from?
David Mendenhall: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Kalosistan.
David Mendenhall: Zip.
David Mendenhall: from… Leilan?
Wade Brown: You're not allowed to go there until you're level 5.
David Mendenhall: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, the story of Talos. Talos is the deity of storms and destruction.
Kostadis Roussos: Wherever there are those who pursue destruction.
Kostadis Roussos: wherever, and who wish to spread destruction, Talos is there.
Kostadis Roussos: It is not… he is not… he is not in some specific place. He is in the breast of all those who seek the power to destroy, and hear his message of destruction, and revel in that destruction.
Kostadis Roussos: It is…
David Mendenhall: What's changed recently? I mean, I'm sure Talos has been around for a long time, he's been corrupting people for centuries. Like, has something happened that he's caused him to gain lots of power recently?
Kostadis Roussos: He pauses and goes, that is a very good question.
Kostadis Roussos: recruited.
Kostadis Roussos: Demonstrating an awareness and wisdom far beyond your age.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Why has your accent changed? I wonder.
Kostadis Roussos: Because… because… because sometimes…
Kostadis Roussos: Because sometimes.
David Mendenhall: because I clicked on the lore.
Kostadis Roussos: Because you clicked on the lawn, and I got really annoyed.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, let me go get some. I need to get that drink.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I thought it was something in the food or something.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I'm getting myself the… I'm getting myself the drink. After that, I'm getting a drink. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So he, so actually, so he goes, well, the most likely… see, the cult of Talos was a small cult, it's not a very…
Kostadis Roussos: very popular thing. It doesn't have very big structures or nuts.
Kostadis Roussos: They're mostly outlawed by all those societies.
Kostadis Roussos: That are civil and polite.
Kostadis Roussos: Probably, there is somebody who has acquired power.
Kostadis Roussos: And is being blessed by Talos.
Kostadis Roussos: The cult of Talos is like a disease. It explodes, it destroys everything, and then it destroys upon themselves. They are not a very… how should I say, stable god force.
Kostadis Roussos: Adabra. Adabra would say that they represent the necessary element of distraction in the cosmic balance.
Kostadis Roussos: I would say nonsense. He's a lunatic of a god who wants to destroy things left, right, and center, and finds other stupid people who want to destroy things.
Kostadis Roussos: And he empowers them, and they have these fantasies of destruction, and he gives them power to implement these fantasies of destruction.
David Mendenhall: So he has a new Chosen.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, most likely. There is always a chosen. There's always some cleric who somehow became convinced by Talos that he has some divine message and inspiration.
David Mendenhall: Okay, this is very interesting.
David Mendenhall: Okay, that was helpful, thank you.
Kostadis Roussos: You're welcome. Who this is, I don't know.
David Mendenhall: Find out.
Kostadis Roussos: He's not in this forest, that I do know. If he was in this forest, I would know who he was, and I would be taking you there. You'd probably die, but at least we'd learn something about him.
Kostadis Roussos: That was a joke.
Kostadis Roussos: I hope you appreciate the talk.
David Mendenhall: I appreciate it.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. The next morning, you continue on your journey. And along the way, you encounter several druids arguing with several loggers.
David Mendenhall: Go for it, Soma.
Wade Brown: Druids and loggers, what are they fighting about, guys?
David Mendenhall: Those are your… those are your people.
Wade Brown: I assume they're worried about protecting the forest here.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so the druids are like… the Druids, are, you know, they see you, and they're like.
Wade Brown: The Soma.
Kostadis Roussos: that, that's, like, Soma. She's, she's gonna help us… she, like, they're… they're kind of, like, you realize that these are, like.
Kostadis Roussos: first-level druids, right? These are… They're, like, completely clueless about what's going on here, and they're, like.
Kostadis Roussos: That they see with the staff, they're, like, really super excited, and they start, you know, explaining that those
Kostadis Roussos: Those loggers are completely… are cutting trees without any permits, and this is completely unacceptable, and blah blah blah blah blah.
Wade Brown: permits?
Kostadis Roussos: Well…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hermits. You don't cut trees with hermits. That'd be rude.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oh, I know.
Wade Brown: I'm, I'm intrigued that there are, like, land rights at this level, but okay.
Kostadis Roussos: She explains, the city of Neverwinter and the Druids of Neverwinter would have agreed that some amount of log cutting would be permitted.
Wade Brown: I mean, you have to to protect the forest, otherwise you get, you know, you get dead growth and other issues. It's just good practice.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, right, exactly. But what's happened is that some members, they, like, one of them snarls, like Torbin… let me just make sure I say the right name…
Kostadis Roussos: Tibor Wester, right? Harburn's brother?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, boy. I was running a me-legal loggers camp.
David Mendenhall: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And so, apparently, he's hired new people.
David Mendenhall: Oh, boy.
Kostadis Roussos: Apparently, he's hired new people.
David Mendenhall: So what's the, what's the conflict here?
Wade Brown: Well, I think they want to log, and the druids don't want them to log, right?
David Mendenhall: Why, why are we against logging?
Wade Brown: I mean, I think we're more against Tibor Wester than anything, aren't we?
Kostadis Roussos: You can just leave them be. I mean, you don't, like, you know, say that this.
Wade Brown: I don't know that they, they shouldn't, they shouldn't be about…
David Mendenhall: wants to intervene.
Kostadis Roussos: I forgot.
Gary Young: I think I'm a fan of vlogging.
Wade Brown: I mean, I'm a fan of limited logging, right?
David Mendenhall: I mean, logging to me is fair trade gold, man. That is… that is honest work.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I mean, are they clear-cutting, or are they pruning? Like, this is a big difference.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so the point the druids are making is that they're not opposed to logging either. They, you know, that they understand, they understand the importance of the balance of nature and making sure that competing interests are kept in line, etc, etc. It's just that they point at those loggers and say, those loggers.
Wade Brown: With a hard R.
Kostadis Roussos: With those loggers.
Kostadis Roussos: are, you know.
David Mendenhall: Lagas?
Kostadis Roussos: Are not, are not aligned with the way the forest is supposed to be run, in that they're essentially wildcat loggers.
Wade Brown: I mean…
Wade Brown: We all start somewhere. You guys look like pretty, pretty, pretty naive druids as well. Why don't you, show them the ropes? Show them how to properly log.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that was a good one. That was not what I was expecting. Go roll a persuasion.
Wade Brown: Can I get Vukradin's help here?
David Mendenhall: What am I saying?
Kostadis Roussos: you're tr…
Wade Brown: I'm just trying to persuade them that the druids shouldn't fight them, they should use this as a teaching moment to explain to these loggers how is correct to.
David Mendenhall: 27.
Wade Brown: That's a natural 20.
Kostadis Roussos: You know…
Wade Brown: You don't even need your silver tongue, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean…
Gary Young: We've gone platinum.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, no, I just want you to tell you what happened, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, the creden delivers an impassioned speech about the sanctity of nature, the importance of the balance, the need for sustainable foresting, and the dangers of…
David Mendenhall: tradeforesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair trade forcing, and that fair trade is about balancing competing economic interests and natural interests.
David Mendenhall: Doesn't sound like something that Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: It is an epic, I mean, like, an epic… an epic monologue. Like, it is just… but it's delivered not with, like, in this tedious, professorial tone, it's… it's delivered with quips and…
Kostadis Roussos: retinue, like, by the time they're done, like, these people, the loggers put down their axes and start frying, you know, they're, like, you know, apologetic, and they go, you know, that they're gonna go find
Kostadis Roussos: real, honest logging work, and they're gonna go, report back to the city of Neverwinter about Tibor Wester's illegal logging camp.
Wade Brown: Wow.
David Mendenhall: Wow.
David Mendenhall: Okay, our work here is done, gentlemen.
Kostadis Roussos: With the natural 20 and the eloquence, I don't think anything else would have been acceptable.
Kostadis Roussos: It also doesn't help that, you know, Brewbarry is thumping his… his…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Man, I had the tears.
David Mendenhall: It's not all underhanded intimidation tactics.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, thinking about all the trees I've pulled out of the ground, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, it is.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Hands…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, he's starting…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Guilty now.
David Mendenhall: Gary, aren't you just, like, picking at your scabs or something?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah.
Wade Brown: The eyeball scabs, looking at the sun all day.
Kostadis Roussos: What's up? Alright.
Wade Brown: Gotta.
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: What did you get?
Wade Brown: And she said, we got it, we cleared it out. We're good. Yes, we did.
David Mendenhall: Yes, you did.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you head to the circle of the right. Okay, so let me just see what happens here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you're approaching the thorn…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, as you get closer, you come upon a 60-foot-wide forest clearing, in the middle of which is a black, needled spire, needle-like spire. A 40-foot-tall pine tree ravaged by fire long ago, its limbs burned off.
Kostadis Roussos: Tied to the dead tree near its base are several ghastly dolls made of twigs bound with black hair.
Wade Brown: Wet.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Do you just walk by it, or just, inspect it?
Wade Brown: It's little.
Gary Young: The balls?
Gary Young: What?
Kostadis Roussos: So, you come upon a 60-foot-wide forest clearing, in the middle of which is a black, needle-like spar… spire, sorry. A 40-foot-tall pine tree ravaged by fire long ago, its limbs burned off.
Kostadis Roussos: Tied to the dead tree near its base are several ghastly dolls made of twigs bound with black hair.
Wade Brown: Burning Man.
David Mendenhall: No, it's the remnants of? It's the Blair Witch.
Wade Brown: I've never seen that.
Kostadis Roussos: There are 10 of those dolls.
Gary Young: I do not know what they are.
Wade Brown: Those look like natural trees to me!
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
David Mendenhall: That's not bad.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Probably don't know what they are, either.
Gary Young: Even…
Kostadis Roussos: Realize they're probably some kind of religious symbolism.
Gary Young: Yeah, I don't know what they are.
Kostadis Roussos: You think that they're just curious…
Wade Brown: Oh my god.
David Mendenhall: Xanth is here. Xanth, is this, typical of the Cult of Talos?
Wade Brown: Pretty natural to me.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, no.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: It is not. Then he pauses and goes, Mr. Vukradin.
Kostadis Roussos: I am not a cultist of Talos. I don't know what is popular and what is not popular. I don't know. Yeah, it's right, it's quite…
David Mendenhall: know more about it than I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Good point, good point, but I know more, but not that much.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Guys, I don't know much, but I do know that ghastly dolls hanging from burnt trees is probably not a good sign.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Good.
Wade Brown: So it's a thing.
David Mendenhall: Should we collect the dolls?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Fair trade, though?
David Mendenhall: Touch them. You wanna tear them down? Burn them?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I would… I wouldn't touch them.
David Mendenhall: You think they're cursed?
Wade Brown: If we take them down…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Somebody hang them to those trees. If we take them down, then they're probably not going to appreciate that.
David Mendenhall: Well, we came here to kill the evil half-orc spellcasters, so I don't think they're gonna appreciate us regardless.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Well, we don't know that the evil…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Spellcasters hung those dolls. It could be, enemies of the spellcasters who hung those dolls.
Gary Young: I'm gonna set up my, my… bound, my…
Gary Young: Sorry, my, my, my group thing? Sorry.
Wade Brown: Oh, you're… yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: How long does that last?
David Mendenhall: What is it?
Gary Young: It's like an hour.
David Mendenhall: Right, and Bart…
Wade Brown: His group, Bless, yeah. What's it, what's it called? We couldn't remember the name of it.
Gary Young: Yeah, I'll get it here in a second.
David Mendenhall: Okay, and Bardic inspiration for everyone.
Kostadis Roussos: Particular inspiration for everyone. Alright, so I presume you leave the tree with the… the curios where they are.
David Mendenhall: Are we all blessed, Terry?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Gary Young: We have that, and we also have, this.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So, so what would we roll to inspect the dolls and trees to see if anything…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What is it? Religion?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, yeah, so religion, religion.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, Mom and I can try.
Wade Brown: Religion, I think I'm an idiot at that. Oh, yeah!
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, blueberries…
Wade Brown: Freaky brewberry!
Gary Young: Oh, he can… he can add a D4 as well.
David Mendenhall: So you get more.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No need.
Gary Young: I give you the D4.
Kostadis Roussos: Korea.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Me too.
Kostadis Roussos: Premier 2020.
Gary Young: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Prueberry doesn't know what they are, but he does remember an old tale from his Asgardian days about how these… these were the symbol… these were left behind by those who wished to torment and hurt their enemies.
David Mendenhall: I wish.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: How many dolls are there?
Kostadis Roussos: 10.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 10. Well, the good news is we're not 10, so… probably not a…
Gary Young: Burberry, is it good to burn them, or is it good to not burn them?
Kostadis Roussos: You just were taught to avoid them.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's right.
Kostadis Roussos: This… this was not a… this was not a good omen.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Black magic, voodoo, no touch. That's what Brewbarry remembers.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. And so… Alright.
David Mendenhall: I got a 13 to destroy one doll.
Kostadis Roussos: What did you do?
David Mendenhall: A cat story.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: ring the bell.
Gary Young: H.
David Mendenhall: damage, if I hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me see…
David Mendenhall: Radiant damage, if it matters.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you successfully caused… The doll to break apart.
Kostadis Roussos: And then… A still-beating pig's heart falls down.
Wade Brown: That's.
Gary Young: That's…
Wade Brown: not normal.
Wade Brown: I wanna… I wanna hit my planer…
David Mendenhall: Keep going here.
Gary Young: Good.
David Mendenhall: Hi, Heart.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna just walk away?
David Mendenhall: No.
Gary Young: Moved to my heart.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you nuke the heart?
David Mendenhall: I nuked the heart.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, I just want to make sure that you nuke the heart.
David Mendenhall: Okay, and then we'll… One by one, take out each doll on each heart.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, any damage the heart kills it can cause the dead tree's roots to magically animate and erupt from the ground.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
David Mendenhall: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Each character standing in the clearing must succeed on the DC-12 dexterity saving throw.
David Mendenhall: Alright, excellent.
David Mendenhall: 13.
Kostadis Roussos: 13?
Wade Brown: Easy, easy peasy, 19.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Dexterity, okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oof.
Wade Brown: Go bark, go bar…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, let me re-roll this. I'll use my hero.
David Mendenhall: Use your barnic inspiration?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: No, no.
Gary Young: He also…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: expiration.
Gary Young: D4.
Wade Brown: Can I get them up to 13, though?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Oof, alright, maybe I need the default.
Gary Young: Yeah.
Gary Young: Okay.
Wade Brown: Now, Brewbarry, your host.
Gary Young: You got another 4?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: 6 to 11.
David Mendenhall: He needs a 12.
David Mendenhall: If you use your bardic inspiration, you'll get it.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: So what does the Baldi inspiration allow me to do?
David Mendenhall: It gives you a free,
Wade Brown: 1D10 now?
David Mendenhall: D8 that you add?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: D8.
David Mendenhall: So you added the 8, so it's minimum 1, and you just need a 12, so… and you're at 11. Yeah, so you're now…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay, we're good.
Kostadis Roussos: You're good.
David Mendenhall: Just gotta take it off the tracker now.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yep.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay, everyone passed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, roll for Boney.
Wade Brown: Oh, Boney has, plus one.
David Mendenhall: Not that Bardic Inspiration.
Wade Brown: 1D20 plus 1… Boney sucks.
David Mendenhall: Boney is… trapped.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so…
Wade Brown: Phony!
David Mendenhall: What about Xanth? Does he need to roll?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it actually does.
David Mendenhall: Why don't you roll for Xanth?
David Mendenhall: the status.
Kostadis Roussos: I just did.
Kostadis Roussos: Now, to see whether that's enough.
David Mendenhall: Have a plus one.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Wade Brown: Whoa.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't really ju- can't you just, like,
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, whining. Alright. Centaur has a plus 2. Alright, yes, he made his saving throw. Alright.
David Mendenhall: So just bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: That's why we brought Boney along, to tell us what the trap does.
Wade Brown: Anyway, when he gets knocked down, he just, you know, gets back up again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, just to keep you aware of what happens…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so this is a 60-foot…
Kostadis Roussos: Clearing.
David Mendenhall: picture?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm about to dry it, hold on.
Kostadis Roussos: I was, like, going, they're not really gonna fall for the trap, but yes, I mean, Vukradin didn't… who was I?
Kostadis Roussos: Fuchar didn't saw evil, so of course he…
Wade Brown: Evil.
David Mendenhall: Must fight evil!
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, alright.
Wade Brown: must intervene!
David Mendenhall: Yeah, see?
Kostadis Roussos: It is for diameter.
David Mendenhall: Because we do have something in common.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, hold on. Hold on.
Wade Brown: That's what we'll bond over.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: I need to check.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so it's actually pretty big. So…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so basically…
Kostadis Roussos: this…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I have a map I will show you in a second.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys see yourselves? Do you see the part… did you see a white map?
Wade Brown: Yeah, I just see, basically, a circle on a map, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so let me just draw the… I just need a tree.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: That's not what I wanted. It's too, too big.
Kostadis Roussos: Too small.
Wade Brown: all.
Kostadis Roussos: There's the tree.
Wade Brown: That's just right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and so the party… Is, or the party?
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Buchardin… This is in the wrong, wrong layer.
Kostadis Roussos: Tokens, alright. It's recruited in.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewbarry… some, and, and Valphine area, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, V&A. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: I guess we need a horse.
Wade Brown: Adam?
Kostadis Roussos: Got him?
Kostadis Roussos: Do-do, alright. So, and we need a centaur.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna lose the door.
Kostadis Roussos: Thirds.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, alright, so, just to give you an idea, this is 60 feet.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: So… Oh, what's your plan?
David Mendenhall: Well, what happened?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I thought I… I thought I described.
Wade Brown: Yeah, I don't remember… Guys, I think I…
Kostadis Roussos: I think I stopped at the roll of the saving throws.
David Mendenhall: Jeff.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: So… Close examination, okay. The creature takes, or takes 5 points of bludgeoning damage and is restrained.
Wade Brown: That's bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, and the centaur.
David Mendenhall: Oh, the centaur made a saving throw.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh yeah, you made a cent.
Wade Brown: The only buddy on EC.
David Mendenhall: Only bony.
Kostadis Roussos: Huh? Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: A creature… a creature can use… okay, so now let's just, do an initial… let's just do it in order of…
Kostadis Roussos: of, you know, a Vukradin… Brewbarry, Soma…
Kostadis Roussos: Valphine. Alright, Vukradin, what do you do?
David Mendenhall: I'll walk over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's… that's… you're gonna dash over there, because that's 60 feet.
David Mendenhall: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so you dash.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewbarry, I presume you're also gonna dash?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: I'm just doing what the body is doing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you dash? Rob?
David Mendenhall: Thanks, man.
Kostadis Roussos: Selma.
Wade Brown: I don't want to dash, I want to help Boney get unrestrained.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: So I guess I move and unrestrained.
Kostadis Roussos: You can use an action to free yourself.
Kostadis Roussos: Or I'm not…
Wade Brown: I'm not bound, but…
Kostadis Roussos: Or you can… or free, or free boning.
Wade Brown: Yeah, so my action will be to free Boney.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you move 30 feet.
Wade Brown: Yeah.
Wade Brown: Cool. So that's… Alright, this has, motion built into it now. Yeah, somewhere around there.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Valfinha, Europe?
Wade Brown: Oh, Boney doesn't go?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, Boney, I'm assuming Boney goes with you.
Wade Brown: Well, he… he's… he can dash.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, okay, so…
Wade Brown: If it's a horse, he can move 60 feet, so, you know, he's way up there.
David Mendenhall: Easily.
Kostadis Roussos: forgot to.
David Mendenhall: layout, you know.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I forgot to… I thought, oh, that's the horse. I didn't realize that was a horse.
Kostadis Roussos: I didn't… I didn't have Valphine.
Wade Brown: Oh, sorry, yeah, that's… that's bony.
Wade Brown: I can't make the icon bigger, he's supposed to be large, but whatever.
Wade Brown: Hey, he's large now.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Valphine.
Gary Young: 1, 2… Yeah.
Gary Young: Oh, here.
Kostadis Roussos: You can… you can dash over there. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and Centaur, he will also dash. Alright, they're all kind of looking at you, Soma. Come on, Soma!
Gary Young: You could do it!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll a Saving Throne, so must.
Wade Brown: Another dexterity?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, DC12.
Wade Brown: Alright, there's nothing that's gonna get me out of that.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you… No, wait, no, you get the Bless and the cardigan.
Gary Young: You might be able to get out of that.
Wade Brown: What's.
David Mendenhall: You get the blessed and the Bardic Inspiration. Alright, you're to 4.
David Mendenhall: Oh, I know you can't get it, even with the 6, you won't. Oh, no, it's a D8?
Wade Brown: Yeah, but they only got up to 9.
David Mendenhall: 4 plus 8? Oh, you didn't…
Wade Brown: I rolled a 5, so yeah, it's… but it's okay, because your barred… your inspiration's last entirely the 16.
David Mendenhall: You get to keep your inspiration.
Wade Brown: Right, so it's still there. I'm still bartically inspired.
David Mendenhall: You're also restrained.
Wade Brown: I can use an action to unrestrain myself in a regular move, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, hold on, you still take 5 points of damage.
Wade Brown: Oh, no.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? And you now have to…
Kostadis Roussos: refer yourself with a successful DC-15 strength check.
Wade Brown: Oh, well, that's alright, I still got the Inspire here.
Wade Brown: No, that's… I still need a plus 9.
David Mendenhall: You wanna go help this guy?
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on.
Wade Brown: I can get… I can.
David Mendenhall: Dan! Dan, can you help him?
Wade Brown: No, that's not gonna help, so I keep my Inspire.
David Mendenhall: Jesus Christ, Wade!
David Mendenhall: This is just traps.
Gary Young: Yeah, okay, and you get one from a two.
Wade Brown: It doesn't… I mean, I… I didn't get anything out of the barred as far as that time, so now what?
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so, .
Wade Brown: So, ma, that's so.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, what do we have here? Vukradin, do you just sort of scream, run, Soma, run!
David Mendenhall: Dang.
David Mendenhall: I'm busy, destroying more dolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Wait, you're destroying Mordahl?
David Mendenhall: I'm destroying more dolls.
Wade Brown: More pigs' hearts to explode.
David Mendenhall: I feel like they're hurting my friend? I gotta kill them, they're evil!
Gary Young: Good thinking.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Horrible plan. Horrible.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: We do no touch. That's what Brewbarry said, you're not listening.
Gary Young: No touching. Bad touching.
David Mendenhall: Solve! That's 20 casts of my cantrap that I gotta get through. It'll take a while.
David Mendenhall: That's, like, 2 minutes.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, according to this, it does not stack, but it would be very entertaining if it did.
Wade Brown: Just, like, more and more roots come up under me.
David Mendenhall: Right, it would have been more entertaining if it did.
Kostadis Roussos: I just… just…
David Mendenhall: I like that… I like that… I like that it was clarified in the text, what would happen in this situation.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, it was not, it was not. I had to read it carefully to see whether there was any ambiguity that would allow for stacking.
David Mendenhall: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: But it clearly says.
Kostadis Roussos: Any damage to the heart kills us and caused the dead stroop when the constricting roofs erupt. Doesn't say they erupt more.
Kostadis Roussos: So, any one heart breaking causes the problem. Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: So… .
David Mendenhall: what I'm doing.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Brewbarry?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: What about blueberry? I…
Kostadis Roussos: You're doing nothing, I'm presuming you're just staying there?
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, I'm just, I'm giving the ball to…
David Mendenhall: We're having a discussion, you're telling me not to touch, I'm saying that they're evil, I have to kill them. You're saying, look how they hurt Soma, I'm saying, but I'm saving him.
Wade Brown: her.
David Mendenhall: Her… whatever.
Wade Brown: Look.
Gary Young: Okay.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: All right. In this case, I understand your motivation, recruiting. Do you need help? Do you want me to try and destroy the doll?
David Mendenhall: No, no, I got it, I've got it, I just got 2 minutes to cast all these spells, I'm working through it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Valphine, I presume you just sit there and watch, cheering Soma on?
Gary Young: I believe that I can help kill more, dolls.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, thanks.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Soma, you're up.
Wade Brown: Alright, we're going to, we're gonna burn a wild shape into an elk.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: I can't make this icon any larger, either. It's supposed to be, gigantic, or a huge beast.
Kostadis Roussos: Where did you get these icons, man?
Wade Brown: I made them.
Kostadis Roussos: Very cute.
Wade Brown: So I don't know where the difference between large and huge, but, elks are huge.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, they're huge?
Wade Brown: They're huge.
Wade Brown: And they have a bonus to strength and dexterity, so I can hopefully get the fuck out of here.
Wade Brown: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Here, here's what a knock looks like.
Wade Brown: No, no, no, mine's better.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I'm just saying it's large, it's not huge.
Wade Brown: It's huge in the… in the giant elk in the.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, giant elk, sorry. Yeah. You didn't say elk, you said… Oh, giant elk.
Wade Brown: podcast, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Giant Hawk.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that's how big it is, so it's one more.
Kostadis Roussos: Fair.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, that is actually pretty cute.
Wade Brown: Camera.
Wade Brown: Alright, anyway, so it's a Dexterity first.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Wade Brown: So now I have a plus 3 to that.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, I think so. Strength, strength.
Wade Brown: Oh, it's Strength First? Oh, okay,
Wade Brown: Where's my elk? Get back here. Elk.
Wade Brown: Oh my god! Alright, but this one I can get out of. I need a… let's see, I got the Bardic Inspiration, so…
David Mendenhall: Gary gave you a 3.
Wade Brown: Oh, okay, well…
David Mendenhall: You got it.
Wade Brown: Okay, well, Gary gets me out of it then. Alright, so I got my strength checked.
Kostadis Roussos: And the forest is… And the tree… and the tree with the evil hearts is purging.
David Mendenhall: All of… in all of the hearts are… and… Evil… dolls are destroyed.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
David Mendenhall: We saved those 10 people who have been injured.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. Alright.
Wade Brown: Hold on, I gotta mark a wild shape here. Bonus action.
Gary Young: There we go.
David Mendenhall: Homer, did you lose a total of 10 hit points?
Wade Brown: It would have been 10, yeah. Let me put that on the sheet.
David Mendenhall: You're down to 41.
Wade Brown: Yeah…
Gary Young: And…
David Mendenhall: burned.
Wade Brown: A wild shape.
David Mendenhall: a wild shape. Wow, what a great trap.
Wade Brown: Yeah, who sprung it?
David Mendenhall: That was me.
Wade Brown: Yeah, no worries.
Wade Brown: Well, for what it's worth, I do just suddenly get a bunch of.
David Mendenhall: All this trouble to plan this trap, and we weren't even gonna trip it? Come on. Gotta be nice to Kostadis.
Wade Brown: Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: So you keep moving through the forest, and as you make the way across uneven ground, rising to a ridge, right? So…
Wade Brown: Oh, how long does this take? Because it's, I may as well keep the wild shape.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Cyrule…
Wade Brown: 3 hours is the max I can keep it, so…
David Mendenhall: Several hours, so we should short rest them.
Kostadis Roussos: Short rest?
Wade Brown: Well, how many… how long are we…
David Mendenhall: Yeah, because I'll get my bardic inspirations back.
Wade Brown: Is it worth it? I mean, 10 hit points is nothing to me, but…
David Mendenhall: But I'd like to give you guys all inspiration again, if we could short rest.
Wade Brown: That's fine.
Wade Brown: I, I can share.
Gary Young: I'll have to redo my bus if we, like, wait too long.
Wade Brown: That's the thing, is, like, we all have competing desires now. It's like, some of us want to keep going, some of us want to short.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Alright, you guys, what's the plan, so I know.
David Mendenhall: Get… we want to get to kind of where we're going.
David Mendenhall: Short rest.
David Mendenhall: And then recast all of our buff spells.
Wade Brown: Alright, so we're gonna take a short rest, then yeah.
Wade Brown: Bye-bye, bear, or bye-bye elk.
David Mendenhall: Alright, so… Defon, you can add bardic Inspiration back again.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Wade Brown: Hey, can you mute while eating?
Gary Young: Sorry.
Wade Brown: It's okay. It's crunching in headphones is supposed.
David Mendenhall: dealer.
Wade Brown: trigger. How are you recovering?
David Mendenhall: Marine hit points or not?
Wade Brown: Oh, right, right, yes, I need to recover hit points. This is… it's a short rest, so it's that weird rolly thing.
Wade Brown: 41… And then short rest, let's see, 1D8 plus 3, so I guess 2 will do.
Wade Brown: Does it not… I thought it would all just do the heel, hold on.
David Mendenhall: No.
Wade Brown: Oh, I gotta hit, roll, hit, die, that's where it is, okay.
Wade Brown: There, there we go. Yeah, I recover all of it. Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And.
David Mendenhall: What do we see?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm about, but I have to just, finish doing the map routine.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, and then we need the party…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, so, recruited in… Brewbarry… Valphine… So,
Kostadis Roussos: And you'll have to bring in the other creatures. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: So… Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: No, that's why. Nothing, it's just, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I was… I was doing a filter, and I hadn't… because I did the filter, it was… that's what was causing me my problems.
Kostadis Roussos: There we go, Circle of Thunder.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Who knows?
Kostadis Roussos: As you make your way across uneven ground, rising to a ridge, several hulking orcs ascend a similar ridge across from you, separated by a 60-foot wide, 10-foot-deep gully. The orcs unleash terrible battle cries as they are joined by a humanoid with elongated
Kostadis Roussos: clause.
Wade Brown: Oh, boy.
David Mendenhall: So, I have a file.
Kostadis Roussos: Hold on, can we roll for initiative?
David Mendenhall: Sure.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, that's great.
Wade Brown: Alright, initiative for me…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so just so you know, there is, there should be 10 orcs, sorry.
David Mendenhall: Wow, that's a lot, okay.
Wade Brown: And… Oh, good.
David Mendenhall: Oh, good rule, good rule.
Wade Brown: Where is his initial status?
Wade Brown: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: And there's one who definitely looks like an anarchreite.
Wade Brown: Where is my tracker?
Wade Brown: What the hell?
Wade Brown: Alright.
Wade Brown: Boney got a 9, someone got a… Team.
David Mendenhall: Distance…
Kostadis Roussos: 60 feet, should be 60 feet.
David Mendenhall: Perfect.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna use that fireball?
David Mendenhall: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, just making sure.
David Mendenhall: Much more interesting.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Herbal, so boring.
Wade Brown: It is.
Kostadis Roussos: And everybody can do a fireball. I mean, like, you know, Clerics of Light, they do that, like, it's going out of style, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, 13 and 58.
Kostadis Roussos: Great!
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, let me just make sure I got this, the right initiative for him.
David Mendenhall: Xanth fighting with us?
Kostadis Roussos: Length, on the Centaur. I guess, I guess he would be.
David Mendenhall: I think he would be.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, weird.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus one. That's what their initiative bonus is, are they?
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: I think we're probably not gonna have time to run this combat today.
David Mendenhall: Can I do my, my first thing, it's not an attack.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, it is…
David Mendenhall: if I have the top of the initiative, which I believe I do.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, you do.
David Mendenhall: Alright.
David Mendenhall: I'm going to use Universal Speech.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
David Mendenhall: Hmm… So that's universal speech.
David Mendenhall: Targeting, the leader and the three… Nearest him…
David Mendenhall: And… then I am going to… Tell them about the wonders… of Lathander.
Gary Young: That's what I was gonna say!
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that was not gonna work, given that they're Talosian… that he's a Talosian cleric.
David Mendenhall: Well, maybe the other three.
Kostadis Roussos: It's like, it's not gonna work on him, just for the record. It's like, that is, you know, that actually, like, enrages him just a little bit more.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But, what, how does… what is it, persuasion?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, I will say that the other, like, I'll just have them rolled, or, Wisdom.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, they will not take the dash action. They will rush, but not take the dash action.
Kostadis Roussos: So they'll be, like, further behind.
David Mendenhall: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So they'll still move forward, but they'll move less fast.
David Mendenhall: Okay. And once I've, cast a spell, I can use that again.
David Mendenhall: Which I will plan on doing for the others as we go.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Once the combat begins, Lathandering claims about Lathander are going to be less effective, I just want to be very careful. I just want you to be aware of that.
David Mendenhall: I mean, if we attack.
Kostadis Roussos: If you… if you attack, they're planning to…
David Mendenhall: here to proselytize about Lathander.
David Mendenhall: for now.
Kostadis Roussos: Valfinia, are you okay with this?
Gary Young: converting orcs to be a part of the Temple of Thunder? Sure.
David Mendenhall: Why would you have any problem with that?
Kostadis Roussos: All right, okay, do we want to stop here? Who's next in the initiative order?
Gary Young: I need more minions for my temple.
Wade Brown: Next would be Valphine.
Kostadis Roussos: DNA, you would be up.
Gary Young: Finding loyal followers requires the right mix of mystique and benefits.
Gary Young: Here are a few ways to bolster your ranks. Public demonstrations.
Gary Young: Perform miracles, or display impressive feats in local hubs to spark awe. The recruitment pitch. Offer community, shared purpose, or exclusive knowledge that outsiders lack. Aesthetic appeal. Ensure your temple looks the part. Nothing draws a crowd like imposing architecture and dramatic lighting.
Gary Young: Okay, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: We're gonna stop.
Gary Young: That's good advice.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Falfide, do you have any actions you wish to perform, or…
Gary Young: Well, I can cast D-Lite.
Kostadis Roussos: You cast daylight?
Gary Young: That's not an attack spell, is it?
David Mendenhall: I didn't count.
Gary Young: Do you fit advantage.
David Mendenhall: It's, it's sunny out.
Gary Young: Well, I mean, like, now there's two sides.
Gary Young: No.
David Mendenhall: Just hamming it up now.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, the orcs are kind of confused here.
David Mendenhall: Glorious pain of light.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you seriously casting daylight? I just want to make sure before I…
Gary Young: Well, if we're going into, like, converting with him.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Yeah, man, they're not wearing sunglasses, at least you didn't say so. Maybe they could be blinded by the daylight.
David Mendenhall: Blinded by Lathander's glory.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: That's fair.
Wade Brown: No, they're, they're going to be… It's like seeing a miracle.
David Mendenhall: Cassadis, we'll let you think for a week on what you're gonna do with that amazing turn of events.
Stéphane Bourdeaud: Just imagine the party with daylight behind them.
David Mendenhall: We're here…
Stéphane Bourdeaud: an aura…
David Mendenhall: We come on a mission from God. A God. Lathander.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so question, are you casting it on a location or on something that's being worn or carried?
Gary Young: That's hot.
Gary Young: Well, I guess my holy symbol would be, like, an appropriate choice, but .
Kostadis Roussos: So you're casting it on yourself. I guess my point is you're casting it on a point, or on some… on yourself?
Gary Young: Yourself. Sure.
Gary Young: Self.
David Mendenhall: like that.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
David Mendenhall: Okay, stop here.
Kostadis Roussos: desk there. Alright, this is your 60-foot radius.
Kostadis Roussos: our age.
Kostadis Roussos: the Talosian cleric screams, Kill the false cleric of Lathander! Kill…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so, like, you know, kill the drow cleric of Lathander, the abomination!
Wade Brown: She's not false, she's the real deal.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, well…
Kostadis Roussos: Anyway, he follows Cleric because he's a cleric of Athena. It didn't really matter, like, whether, you know…
Kostadis Roussos: Destroy! Destroy the false god! Alright, so there's a lot of destroyers.
David Mendenhall: We'll have to focus all of our attacks only on…
Kostadis Roussos: It's a little sooner.
David Mendenhall: the load stand, and try to convert the rest. Alright, sounds good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let's.
Gary Young: Bye-bye.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm like, okay, this is definitely not what I was expecting. All right, guys, take care.
Wade Brown: toes, man. Have a good one.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, bye-bye. Bye.